Christine Imperial: Hello.
Christine Imperial: Hi. Hi, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good how are you
Christine Imperial: Exhausted.
Christine Imperial: Been on the Hangout chain to get an my apartment secure before they go into all this coronavirus shut down on everything so
Christine Imperial: Yeah, it was in the process of being remodeled so I wasn't sure I wasn't sure whether the construction company was going to stop all the employees from working and and they've already closed the apartment complex down, they just going to open up the door and hand me the keys tomorrow.
Christine Imperial: Yeah, it's getting really crazy out here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, well, where are you at
Christine Imperial: New Mexico.
Albuquerque.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. So it won't be done there.
Christine Imperial: Yes, I'm telling you, I was banging on doors because I'm literally homeless. So I was it should have been done since the 16 and because you know it was getting put back kept getting put back and
Christine Imperial: They finally told me the 19th, which is tomorrow. And I was just on making sure that everything was running on scheduled and yeah I was been a little bit difficult this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I recall that being assertive.
Christine Imperial: They were thinking I was being difficult. But yes, I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you get to move in tomorrow.
Christine Imperial: Yes, ma'am. I'm so happy. Yes.
You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have all your utilities.
Christine Imperial: Included yes I actually got my section eight so that's awesome. I really won't have to worry because at this point at home. I have no income. I'm actually waiting on my SSI to kick in.
Christine Imperial: My meeting. I mean, maybe 18
Christine Imperial: So GAD the Section eight
Christine Imperial: It was a blessing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is awesome.
Christine Imperial: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so.
Christine Imperial: There's been a whole lot of blessings in my life lately.
Christine Imperial: These last this last month, I believe.
Christine Imperial: The Lord knew what he was doing, you know,
Yeah.
Christine Imperial: Yeah.
A
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doctor Dr kindle just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Told me that you missed group last night.
Christine Imperial: Yes, I did. And that was actually because I didn't realize because I've got a government phone and you're only a lot it so many megabytes of data.
Christine Imperial: And I realized that I was out of data and now was actually on the road.
Christine Imperial: With my son, trying to get everything situated for tomorrow. And by the time I got back to my son's house. Who's got Wi Fi.
Christine Imperial: I tried to go to the admissions meeting room and
Christine Imperial: Nobody would answer. So I finally called the Anthony like about 530 maybe
Christine Imperial: Okay. Yeah. And then he
Christine Imperial: Said that he was going to
Christine Imperial: Try to get ahold of Dr. Kendall and find out if she was able to kind of squeeze me in today.
Christine Imperial: And so that's basically what happened. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah. She just wanted me to make sure that you knew that, you know, it's that you got to be in group. So I'll let her know that it was an internet issue that you didn't have service where you were.
Christine Imperial: Bright right
Christine Imperial: Yeah, like I'm on the road if I'm not anywhere near Wi Fi right now. It's hard because I don't have data, you know, so I've used it up all this month, looking for apartments.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm glad you found one.
Christine Imperial: Yes, me too. And I've been actually waiting for these apartments for months I was put on a waiting list so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm in. So, tomorrow is the big day starts right
Christine Imperial: Yes, uh huh.
Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's everything you have everything you need for your apartment or resources to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get what you need.
Christine Imperial: I'm hoping I'm hoping I'm my daughter in law kind of set me up for you know something for right now because all the food banks.
Christine Imperial: All the resources that I had in place are all in young going either shut down already or going into being shut down for two to the public at least you know there are employees that are working, but we are not allowed the public is not allowed there so
Christine Imperial: She set me up with, you know, like
Christine Imperial: A blow up bad and she
Christine Imperial: Blankets
Christine Imperial: The only thing I don't have as a TV, which is really going to say because I'm a TV tune
Yeah.
Christine Imperial: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What will you have your phone, you have internet access on your phone.
Christine Imperial: Well, I don't have any data so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a problem.
Yeah.
Christine Imperial: So I've got an old laptop.
Christine Imperial: That still got the little DVD thing on the side. So I'm hoping I can learn how to work this. That's what I was doing it when you came on. But yeah, so at least I'll have DVDs too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you'll move in tomorrow. And what about your utilities, you've got that all set in place.
Christine Imperial: Huh. There are included with the bread.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And How have things been going since you've been engaged with bright heart.
Christine Imperial: I'm good. Good. Um, I was building a little bit out of sorts, only because like I had talked when I talked to Dr. Kendall, it was
Christine Imperial: Maintenance basically I've been clean going on six years, August 27 to Martin six years, but I didn't where I was living because before this, the Section eight was supportive housing and supportive housing kind of falls under the county umbrella of community connections.
Christine Imperial: And they were paying 100% of my ramp. But then my name came up with the Section eight so they
Christine Imperial: Dropped me but they had me in what's what we call the war zone.
Christine Imperial: And so it was
Christine Imperial: Getting harder and harder to say no because a lot of the people that I dealt with.
Christine Imperial: Or either dealt with me. There's one main bus line which is on Central Avenue. And so, I mean, you would see everybody, or I would at least because I have to get on the bus and it's, I'm like,
Christine Imperial: 12 miles from where I do my na groups in and my recovery groups and stuff like that. So this main bus line. Yeah, I would see people all the time. So back in September.
Christine Imperial: I got involved with first choice, which is a clinic out here that dense that actually does Suboxone but they were like way on the other side of town, and if you
Christine Imperial: If you get off the main that main bus line.
Christine Imperial: They the buses only come by once an hour.
Christine Imperial: So, I mean, this was like
Christine Imperial: 22 miles out of what I mean. Outside of where I live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Christine Imperial: Yeah, so we got really hard. So I started buying them and on the street and on the street. It was 25 milligrams and so
Christine Imperial: Yeah, I've been filming little bit bad but not to where I'm like really withdrawing. So that's a blessing to you know
Christine Imperial: I don't want to glove higher. I don't want you know i'm good where I'm at, you know, I don't, I don't want to get go any higher.
Said, how many
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many milligrams. Are you on
Christine Imperial: eight milligrams twice a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yeah. And you're taking it regularly.
Christine Imperial: Mm hmm. Yes.
Christine Imperial: Yes.
Christine Imperial: I actually took one in the morning and then right around this time I start
Christine Imperial: Building like the hot in the ears, you know, and in the back of the neck and so I'll take the other one. Around this time, and it'll carry me through the night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good, good, good, good. And how have you been dealing with are struggling with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any anxiety or depression. Don't you been oh
Christine Imperial: Yeah, I mean, but I'm I've got social anxiety. Anyway, I've done half my life in prison you guild so
Christine Imperial: I am diagnosed with social anxiety. So I really don't go anywhere. And lately. Just the anxiety level has been like really high. Just because you know being homeless and
Christine Imperial: I mean I got them me but they're like, again, you know, 2530 miles out of Albuquerque. So it's really hard for me to try to go and stay with my son's when everything is in in the city, you know. And so for me to even look for a place was really hard and we have a
Christine Imperial: We have just a minute solar
Christine Imperial: We have what's called the coast crisis team. And they're actually funded to a PD, which is the Albuquerque Police Department and
Christine Imperial: And it's it's it's funny to me because back in the day, I would never asked a PD for help, but they actually paid for a month.
Christine Imperial: I've been a month. I'm sorry, a week in a motel room when I first became homeless. At the end of December. So that was a blessing as well, you know, and from there. I've been couch surfing here and there and here and there.
Christine Imperial: Can you excuse me for just a minute. My dog is crying. She needs.
Christine Imperial: No pot.
Christine Imperial: Chili or Jen.
Christine Imperial: Can somebody let Sola out please she's crying. She probably needs to party bad and I'm on the phone with me one good
Christine Imperial: One.
Christine Imperial: Service dogs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of dog do you have
Christine Imperial: I have two of them. I have a marquee and he's trained to catch my seizures and the Edwin's just emotional support Doug and she's a Manchester carrier, but she's helping 13 years old. We had it all little baby baby Pepsi bottle fitter and stuff. We actually had her dad.
Christine Imperial: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Christine Imperial: Yeah. They're awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're allowed to have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your support job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, they can't stop you from having your support on
Your new
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's okay for you to have both your animals.
Christine Imperial: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good, good, good.
Christine Imperial: Good work. So yeah, we're good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you doing
About
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: System. Can you hear me.
Christine Imperial: Yes. Okay. Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My it I'm getting like some kind of weird feedback. Let me see.
Christine Imperial: Oh, might be because my thumbs on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Christine Imperial: Okay.
Christine Imperial: Um, my support.
Christine Imperial: Right now, it's almost non existent, but only because crossroads is shut down. It's called crossroads for women. And that's where I do my NAS my recovery groups as well as
Christine Imperial: Life Skills anything they have different groups like right now. Well, just before the shutdown.
Christine Imperial: We had a group where
Christine Imperial: There was like three of us that was selected to start going
Christine Imperial: I believe it's once a month.
Christine Imperial: To the girls homes and kind of telling our stories in becoming mentors.
Christine Imperial: Be so
Christine Imperial: gab. But I mean, I'm in constant contact. They have a website that we can go on and
Christine Imperial: They have
Christine Imperial: This thing that they do for us women debt for every group that we go to where
Christine Imperial: We're given either a signature or two signatures for signatures, depending on the group.
Christine Imperial: And we can accumulate 10 to 20 signatures and we can get gift cards like for dollar tree or Walmart or stuff like that for some of us that are either just getting started, or don't have income, like me, so
Christine Imperial: Yeah, it's awesome. So we're able to go on the website and least you know make
Christine Imperial: One comment submit a comment on whatever you know the the topics are and we're still able to get our, our signatures so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, so
Write
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It within the groups that you were going to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you connect with people that you could call on if you needed help.
Christine Imperial: Yes, I'm
Christine Imperial: Actually just graduated last month.
Christine Imperial: From being a
Christine Imperial: Actual client. So now I'm in what they call aftercare and
Christine Imperial: I've got my my case manager that I'm in contact with all the time. So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about within your support group itself.
Christine Imperial: As far as
Christine Imperial: too bright health or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know that you're going to, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your aftercare group.
Christine Imperial: Oh right now. We there's, there are no groups per se groups at this time because everything's been shut down the staff is working, but the place in itself has been close to the women for the next, I believe, two weeks for the next two weeks and then the resume.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, so the whole time that you were going to that program. You didn't connect with any of the other Members, any other other women that you were in group with
Christine Imperial: Well, majority of them are either coming out of prison or jail or are on probation and parole or through the supportive housing.
Christine Imperial: Possible for women actually
Christine Imperial: Got the contract for the supportive housing. So in order to
Christine Imperial: Keep your supportive housing voucher. You have to have 10 four groups. A week so we see a lot of the women that
Christine Imperial: You know, are like I said it Albuquerque. Seems like a big city, but it's really not. You know, you see the same people, same faces all the time. So, um, yeah, I did a lot of time with a lot of the women that were there and
Christine Imperial: Needless to say, a lot of them are surprised like because they everybody calls me imperial by my last name like imperial you think clean all this time, I'm like,
Christine Imperial: Yeah.
Christine Imperial: But if I mean I don't associate once my partner passed away in 2014 I was dead. That was my bottom we were together for 23 years and when she passed was done, I was done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sorry to hear that.
Christine Imperial: It's okay. She died in active addiction from an abscess that caused a blood infection shut down her vital organs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Christine Imperial: I'm sorry I didn't want to die like that. I didn't want to leave that legacy for my grandbabies
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so are you are you able to be an active participant with your grandkids now.
Christine Imperial: Oh yeah, and that that too is a blessing because
Christine Imperial: For the longest time my oldest son. I didn't speak to my oldest son for 12 years and
Christine Imperial: So his oldest which is 21, I believe, which is my oldest Graham grandchild.
Christine Imperial: And so I never was a part of his life and on so his youngest his daughter is seven. So yeah, we're where we've gotten really close. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what do you think it's going to be like for you to be a little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After you get settled into your new place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of things do you think you're going to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do to keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In active recovery.
Christine Imperial: Well, when I, when I first got out.
Christine Imperial: The first three years of recovery. I went to work came home, went to work came home and so I really didn't go anywhere. I'm a homebody you know so
Christine Imperial: That's what keeps me safe and so
Christine Imperial: If I can continue that I'll be okay you know and I know that's not really a good thing. You know, because even my sentence mom and nice get on the bus include from one side of town to the other and you get to talking to people meet people.
Christine Imperial: But I mean,
Christine Imperial: Idle conversation is cool, but when I start getting into
Christine Imperial: Into conversations that start taking it and a Ned, they're
Christine Imperial: Taking a detour besides hey how you doing, you know, kind of civil I'm not comfortable with it.
Christine Imperial: And
Christine Imperial: People in general and really don't like people
Christine Imperial: Don't like leave them but
Christine Imperial: Yeah, and it's not that I'm afraid of people you know what they can do to me. It's what I can do to people.
Christine Imperial: You know,
Christine Imperial: I'm bipolar as well known ADHD. So, my mind is always going so
Christine Imperial: Somebody can roll their eyes or books or some young just something stupid like that will trigger me
Christine Imperial: You know I'm
Christine Imperial: Glad yeah well
Christine Imperial: Damn, I'm not, I'm not good with people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about if you were to engage in self help meetings online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From home.
Christine Imperial: I'm online.
Yeah.
Christine Imperial: Like this right here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something like this. Yeah.
Christine Imperial: I'm good with that. I'm good with that.
Christine Imperial: But like dating sites, stuff like that. No, probably not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, no, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No dating sites.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I
Christine Imperial: Know, but as far as like the groups online like this. Yeah, I'm good. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because there's there's always meeting self help meetings on mine. A na women for recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is another really big one that I know that a lot of women in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I work with are engaging in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it seems like it is a very supportive helpful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Meeting, you know, for women in recovery and it's online, you know what I mean. So it's in a forum where you're not in a room with somebody, but you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, engaged in that recovery talk because remember that, you know, when all of these things, you know, fall in place and you have your place, and you're settled in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you're in aftercare. You know, you could go to aftercare. But what do you have to help you in those times of need. You know what I mean when you need to talk to somebody else when you need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean when you need somebody to help you think straight
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Christine Imperial: They do have a crisis line.
Christine Imperial: That I mean it's
Christine Imperial: Your it's available 2424 seven so
Christine Imperial: And it's not just counselors that that run the crisis line, but also some of the women that do have a new considerable amount of time that know exactly what we're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What how long do you have server. Can I ask
Christine Imperial: August 27 will be six years now.
Christine Imperial: He's yeah
Christine Imperial: Congratulations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. It's a long time, Christine.
Christine Imperial: You know, for somebody like me. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you thought about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing the crisis line.
Christine Imperial: Yeah, I have actually, um, but for
Christine Imperial: Let me see.
Christine Imperial: I want to say since November till just recently like about three weeks ago I had kind of shied away from crossroads only because
Christine Imperial: One of the counselors and I bumped heads on something and I wasn't ready to go back in
Christine Imperial: Yeah, I wasn't ready to swallow my pride. Yeah.
Christine Imperial: But she turned out to be an awesome person at the end, you know,
Christine Imperial: Yeah, it's just maybe
Christine Imperial: Maybe it's that prison mentality you
Christine Imperial: disrespected me you disrespect you disrespected me
Christine Imperial: Yeah, so I kind of had to swallow my pride and in the end she turned out to be pretty awesome. She
Oh,
Christine Imperial: Yeah.
Christine Imperial: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can I ask
How long were you in prison.
Christine Imperial: And
Christine Imperial: Then see
Christine Imperial: I've been there seven times and all together.
Christine Imperial: I take good
Christine Imperial: Well, that's a jail and prison about
Christine Imperial: 2627 years
Christine Imperial: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long have you been out
Christine Imperial: Since 2015
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been out a while.
Christine Imperial: Definitely yes yes oh yeah that that in itself is a feat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No probation or nothing, you're done with it all.
Christine Imperial: Done and done with it all.
Christine Imperial: Thank God. Yeah, it's, it's been it's been rough. You know, it's been rough and especially now with no income, you know, because I was a booster. I used to hit the stores really hard. And so now
Christine Imperial: With that the income. I walk in and I'll see you pair shoes or pair of pants or, you know, anything besides necessities. You know that I want. And of course you know my mind starts going 90 miles an hour. No, no.
Christine Imperial: Because I used to go back to jail or prison. I refuse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad.
Christine Imperial: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, yeah, you've definitely got a got a story to share
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to tell you that. You know what I mean with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other women in recovery, you know, definitely, giving them inspiration and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really laying out the hard work that you've done to be able to get to this point that you know you're at now could help so many people, you know,
Christine Imperial: Yeah, I've been on my own. Since I was 12 years old so
Christine Imperial: He says, you know, you're a survivor know
Christine Imperial: I'm consider myself a survivor considered myself a warrior.
Christine Imperial: Warrior, why just to survive, you know,
Christine Imperial: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it. Very much so. I get it. You are a warrior.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Christine Imperial: Better person, and I'm not, you know, life. You know, everybody gets dealt their, their fair share the bad cards. You know what I mean. And
Christine Imperial: Yeah, I am the person I am, because of what I've been through so
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me, while you're working with bright heart. Tell me, what are some of the things if there's anything. I mean, you have a long time in recovery. But tell me some of the things that you would like to work on.
Christine Imperial: Honestly, probably communication because it mean throughout the years. Like I said, you know, Gail and prisons. I mean, there's
Christine Imperial: There's a prison etiquette and you're never asked questions you you know you pretty much if you can stay quiet and stay out of the mix year okay so throughout those years, you know, I've learned not to say anything.
Christine Imperial: Or not to ask questions.
Christine Imperial: That's, that's one of the things that, did I really do need and not just connect with with with people like me. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Christine Imperial: My son and I were just talking just the other day and I was like Cena gotta find that balance you know and and he's, he was the one that was closest to me. So he saw me at my worst and at my best. And I'm like, son.
Christine Imperial: I got to find that balance you know where you know sometimes you know sometimes people take my kindness for weakness and so I kind of be that, you know, excuse my language, bitch, you know, and so that they don't you know and so
Christine Imperial: I don't want to be that person because I remember a time when I wasn't, you know, and I wasn't that hard convict or whatever you want to call me so
Christine Imperial: I want to go back to that. But people don't let you you know so I got to kind of find that balance, you know, and that's another reason why I don't like to be in public, really, is because
Christine Imperial: Man, I could go from zero to 102.5
Christine Imperial: And I don't like to be that the person anymore. I'm not the person anymore. You know, and so yeah communication. I think I need to be able to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So that just gives us something to work on while you and I are working together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you know, and just, you know, this is just, again, my from my point of view and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My perspective is that you know your past is your past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That doesn't, you know, mean that that's who you are. So in my eyes. You're not Christine the conduct your esteem, the person
Right. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're a woman in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That has completely changed her life. And so that's my view. All right. Just to let you know that like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I honestly, it doesn't bother me in any way, shape, or form that you are in prison or how long I like to hear people. I like to hear people's stories because it just shows me their strength.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: rhino and allows me to see the things that they've kind of walked through a little bit in what end helps me figure out in what ways I can help them best, you know, while they're walking through this journey, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. Okay.
Christine Imperial: There we go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we're gonna be working on communication taking back your power and your voice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being able to communicate with people in Minnesota manner. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And not an aggressive manner but assertive.
Christine Imperial: OK.
Christine Imperial: So my past.
Christine Imperial: I don't know the guys, I tell ya gotta find that middle
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay alright so that's, you know, we have a game plan on what we're going to be working on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the meantime, while we're working on it. Don't forget that it's really important that you go to group. And if you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Able to go to group you make sure that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let them know so they don't count you as a no show or an out of compliance. You know how it works. You've been
Christine Imperial: You've been working with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Outside providers so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just make sure that you do that so that the doctor knows that you're you haven't fallen off and you're not, you know, struggling, but that you're having like this last time internet problems, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they can just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, help you along a monitor yet through this process. Okay.
Christine Imperial: Okay. And I also, I don't know if it's you. I need to speak to your or Dr. Kendall, but
Christine Imperial: I have not been able to go and do drum blood draw, only because everything here in Albuquerque is like shut down completely especially places like that.
Christine Imperial: Yeah, just humans and stuff like that been tried core
Christine Imperial: Is completely shut down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll let her know I'm pretty sure that she's that I think all of our providers are aware that that any kind of services like that, that they're you know they need from the clients are going to be put on hold for a little bit because of what's going on.
Christine Imperial: So just to be did. Did you think that I was
Christine Imperial: Non compliant as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, understandable. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and make sure that when you move into your place that they have your new address so that they can send you paperwork and your you ways. Don't forget, you gotta do those us, they'll send them to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Send them to the through the mail if they're doing them through Brighton heart.
Okay.
Christine Imperial: And they do have my address because like I said at that I was moving in on the 16th. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Have you done a UA through brighter yet.
Christine Imperial: No, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's very interesting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know you'll get the you a cup in the mail and before you even open it you call the clinic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You call the virtual clinic that you talk to you before you got to me right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody on video you show that you open it. Show them the bottle. You go to the bathroom, you come back and you show up. You just kind of hold the bottle up to the camera while they read it, read the temperature. It's really simple, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's kind of the process of a UA through bright heart and the great part about it is you have six years in recovery.
Christine Imperial: Right, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you have this huge solid foundation. That's just, you know, really amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been struggling with any kind of cravings or triggers in your head.
Christine Imperial: Um, lately. No, I'm before I got on with bright yellow. Yes, I was. That's one of the reasons why I started arm with first choice. And then I couldn't get used to them. And by that time I was already you know
Christine Imperial: Needing the Suboxone so I was starting to buy him on the street and of course I'm not trying to hustle. And I'm not trying to go back to jail or prison so I had to look for other clinics ever closer to me.
Christine Imperial: And they had like two months waiting lists. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Christine Imperial: I found this pace. Hi, baby.
Christine Imperial: That's my grandbaby, she said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She is beautiful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: beautiful girl.
Christine Imperial: Looking at herself.
Christine Imperial: She's the youngest she's actually the only one that I've actually been out to seek from birth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty amazing. She's beautiful.
Christine Imperial: 11 of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got just definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love a Greg. Did I love them.
Christine Imperial: Yes, I did.
Christine Imperial: Okay, so
Christine Imperial: Grandma. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nana. Do you go by grandma or Nana.
Nana.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty spectacular, that's for sure.
Christine Imperial: Yes, there
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I am going to let you go. And I'm going to contact Dr kindle let her know that you are here and that you and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this a good time for you to meet with me on a weekly basis for the next
Christine Imperial: cheerfully. Sure.
Christine Imperial: Fact, I
Believe
Christine Imperial: I believe they have internet access.
Christine Imperial: At the apartments for a map, but I'm now. I don't know.
Christine Imperial: I may have I may have to go to McDonald's or something where I can get some Wi Fi.
Christine Imperial: Till I can get, get it reloaded again.
Christine Imperial: But OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, so what I'm going to do is for the for the next three to four weeks. I'm going to put you for this time with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you'll have your two appointments with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right heart and you go to group on Tuesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time are you supposed to be in group.
Christine Imperial: Um, I believe it's for
Christine Imperial: Maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me look just so that we just so that you know and it's solid and you know you don't miss it because
Christine Imperial: My calendar to so
Christine Imperial: On my phone.
Christine Imperial: Julie. Do you love my dog.
Christine Imperial: My dog.
Christine Imperial: Yes.
Christine Imperial: I'll wait for him here. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it's okay. I'm just looking. It's all right. I'm pretty easy go and you'll figure that you know you'll find that out as you get to know me, I'm pretty easy going I understand kids and animals and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, sometimes you just got to
Christine Imperial: This is Sola
Christine Imperial: This is my hair salon hair salon.
Christine Imperial: That's Sola
Christine Imperial: She's the Manchester Terrier see her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Christine Imperial: This is Duke
Christine Imperial: DUKE.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Christine Imperial: Go ahead. No, he is just so mellow so kick back
Christine Imperial: And solar I said she's a war zone baby because she'll look at me like again.
Christine Imperial: But yeah, Duke. Duke is is very mellow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it. Okay, so your groups.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are 430 on Tuesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. Um, and next week when you and I get together, we're going to, I'll be glad that you'll be in you know your own little area because we're going to go through and get your bio psychosocial done which
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you've told me a lot of your history already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm just going to ask it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes about 20 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, it's really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, it's really simple and we'll get that information in into your chart so that they know your history and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll just start working together and building communication skills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of go from there. All right.
Christine Imperial: Okay.
Christine Imperial: So that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so our next appointment is going to be Wednesday next Wednesday at 430
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. So if we keep it to set up this perfect because you have to say for 30 Wednesday for 30
Yeah.
Christine Imperial: I don't have to worry about it. Okay. Tuesday. And then on Thursday, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and they get it. Yep. Tuesday for 34 group Wednesday for 30 for your individual with me and next week we will do your bio cycle social and get that information on. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a plan.
Christine Imperial: Sounds like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm very excited for you to be able to move into your own place. And I'm sure that it's a relief.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're excited and I'm excited for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't wait for you to be able to tell me all about it.
Christine Imperial: And how it was to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your own place, you know,
Christine Imperial: And start decorating and yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll be your own space, it'll be pretty amazing.
Yes.
Christine Imperial: I've got two bedrooms. So I'm going to make one into an office where I can sit
Christine Imperial: Yeah, quiet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That'd be cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That'd be good.
Christine Imperial: And be able to talk to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'll have a place for your grandbabies to come visit their grandma.
Christine Imperial: Yes, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's true. Oh, I'm so happy for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think is amazing.
Christine Imperial: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm gonna let you go and you and I will see each other. Same time next week in. I hope you have a good move and enjoy your first week in your new place.
Christine Imperial: Thank you.
Christine Imperial: Do when you talk to Dr. Kendall, will she be prescribing my my next prescription for tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I will. I'm I told her already that you were with me right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very happy. She said, You know she didn't see you in group and in the group is when she usually does prescribe you know gets your information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She has a series of questions that she needs to ask. And while you know group is going on. Generally, the doctors will be doing their prescriptions behind the scene and getting them handled.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay. So I am going to shoot a message to her and let her know that you do need a refill, and that you and I are scheduled and that I reconfirmed you know why you weren't in group last night and that you will be there next Tuesday at 430
Christine Imperial: Yes 430 books.
Christine Imperial: Okay, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tuesday and Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. I hope you have a great weekend and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you next week.
Christine Imperial: Okay then. Thank you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye. Have a great weekend as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Bye bye.